Monday, May 4

Neil and I ate some breakfast together around 9:10am. Thomas came and
got us in the restaurant so we didn't miss the bus. James ate a small
breakfast by himself and just made the bus as well. We drove around
Dublin during the morning observing the beautiful Georgian-style
doorways and Christ's Church Cathedral from the bus. After a short tour
of St. Patrick's Cathedral, we went to see the Book of Kells at Trinity
College. We watched a bit of cricket on the university lawn as well. We
walked around the city looking for a restaurant before settling on "The
Alamo", fine Mexican cuisine. Neil and I ate nachos, James and Thomas
ate burritos. After lunch, we went to Dublin Castle and took the
35-minute tour. James and Neil were quick to notice the astrological
signs coming out of Apollo's butt on a finely decorated ceiling. We saw
a table which was carved over a seven year span by a prisoner with a
razor blade. A reggae concert was setting up outside. Next, we split up.
James and Thomas went to find out where the Irish Times camera was set
up on O<t_Co>nnell Street, while Neil and I took 40-minutes to find the
National Gallery. Once we found it, we took the express 10-minute
self-guided fly-through. We all met back at the Irish Times around
5:30pm. We bought wrapping paper, masking tape and markers for our next
endeavor. We then hopped into a pub called "The Fleet" to make a sign to
hold up at the O'Connell Street Bridge. We hurried back to the camera to
put the sign together. We spent about 20 minutes holding up our sign
("DIA DIUT") up towards the camera. We got a lot of odd looks from the
crowd as well as a few questions about the Gaelic. Around seven we
returned to "The Fleet" to take the coins off the sign and drink a
couple beers. Thomas quickly engaged in what turned out to be a two-hour
intense conversation with an Irish Nationalist. James, Neil and I drank
with a couple druggies. We left the bar and meandered around until we
found a cab back to Jury's. We ordered pizza at the hotel, played spades
until around 1:20am, showered, and went to bed. Thomas quote: "I'll blow
you if you blow me." We made a special point to remember the cool noises
the cross-walk signals in downtown Dublin made.
