Friday, May 1

Woke up around 9am this morning and bought tickets on the Original
London Sightseeing Tour Bus. We rode the bus from Haymarket to St.
Paul’s on the top of the double decker. It was very cold on the bus and
I managed to switch James’ headphones to German when he wasn’t looking.
We toured the cathedral on our own, but had to leave the crypt in haste
due to a fire. Next, we stopped in to the "Slurping Toad" for an English
lunch. James had a salmon and cream cheese sandwich, Thomas had the
sausage and mash potatoes, and Neil and I had the hamburgers. Neil and I
agreed that the hamburgers were the worst we had ever eaten in our
lives. After lunch, we stopped back in at St. Paul’s Cathedral’s
bookstore, then hopped the bus to the Tower Monument. We climbed the
300+ step monument and took some really neat photographs at the top.
Next we walked across London Bridge and down the street to the London
Dungeon. The tour lasted a little over an hour, listening to stories
about Jack the Ripper among others. Next we walked across the Tower
Bridge to the Tower of London. It was near closing time, so we didn’t
get to go in. We caught a bus back to Haymarket and went back to our
hotel. James and I made travel arrangements for the next day, while Neil
and Thomas went to Tower Records. Shortly afterwards, we caught a city
bus back to the Tower Monument near Fish Street. We stopped in a pub for
a quick pint before meeting up with our walking tour guide, Corrina. We
took the Ghost Walk around the Financial District in light drizzle.
After the tour ended, we had a couple more drinks with our tour guide
and yet another pub. We ate dinner at a very nice Italian restaurant. We
met Anna and Rosella, two of the waitresses and had fun learning some
Italian ("shamo", "stupido", "grazzo", "pazzo"). We left the restaurant
around 11pm and walked back to St. Paul’s Cathedral. ("Excuse me, m’am,
do you speak English?" - Adam) It was very beautiful at night. We caught
a city bus back to Picadilly Circus and after a little BBC, called it a
night.
